README.md, before:

# **Niraj Rayamajhi**

Hello! 👋  

I’m a postdoctoral research scholar in Dr. [Susanne Pfeifer's Lab](http://spfeiferlab.org/) at Arizona State University. 
I earned my PhD under Dr. [Julian Catchen](https://catchenlab.life.illinois.edu/) at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, and completed my master’s degree in 
Dr. [Jyotsna Sharma's lab](https://www.depts.ttu.edu/pss/sharma-lab/index.php) at Texas Tech University.

Currently, I am investigating the **causes and consequences of structural variation** in biomedically relevant primates using cutting-edge sequencing data. 

During my PhD, I focused on the **comparative and population genomics** of secondarily temperate *Paranotothenia angustata*, commonly known as New Zealand black cod. 

In my master's research, I explored the **genetic diversity and structure** of a rare endemic cactus and assessed its genetic relationship with a more common congener.

My research contributions are available on [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=SAl2iYYAAAAJ&hl=en)



##  Contact Information 🤝

- **Email:** [nrayamaj@asu.edu](mailto:nrayamaj@asu)
- **Twitter:** [@vaikazee](https://twitter.com/@vaikazee)
- **Bluesky** [@niraj-rayamajhi.bsky.social](https://bsky.app/profile/niraj-rayamajhi.bsky.social)

Commit message:

Added more info on my PhD work in Antarctic fish

README.md, after:

# **Niraj Rayamajhi**

Hello! 👋  

I’m a postdoctoral research scholar in Dr. [Susanne Pfeifer's Lab](http://spfeiferlab.org/) at Arizona State University. 
I earned my PhD under Dr. [Julian Catchen](https://catchenlab.life.illinois.edu/) at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, and completed my master’s degree in 
Dr. [Jyotsna Sharma's lab](https://www.depts.ttu.edu/pss/sharma-lab/index.php) at Texas Tech University.

Currently, I am investigating the **causes and consequences of structural variation** in biomedically relevant primates using cutting-edge sequencing data. 

During my PhD, I focused on the **comparative and population genomics** of secondarily temperate *Paranotothenia angustata*, commonly known as New Zealand black cod.
Additionally, I worked on the **genomics of highly cold-specialized fish, *Trematomus borchgrevinki*, which is endemic to Antarctica. 

In my master's research, I explored the **genetic diversity and structure** of a rare endemic cactus and assessed its genetic relationship with a more common congener.

My research contributions are available on [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=SAl2iYYAAAAJ&hl=en)



##  Contact Information 🤝

- **Email:** [nrayamaj@asu.edu](mailto:nrayamaj@asu)
- **Twitter:** [@vaikazee](https://twitter.com/@vaikazee)
- **Bluesky** [@niraj-rayamajhi.bsky.social](https://bsky.app/profile/niraj-rayamajhi.bsky.social)
